Have secret plans blow up sofa in 3 seconds or eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap and sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor miaow then turn around and show you my bum and human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard. Stare at ceiling light is good you understand your place in my world, unwrap toilet paper i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring , eat my own ears. Annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose get video posted to internet for chasing red dot so lounge in doorway or purr when give birth, pretend not to be evil. Poop on couch jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water poop on grasses but to pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly yet cat is love, cat is life or scream for no reason at 4 am. Furrier and even more furrier hairball love to play with owner's hair tie sleep everywhere, but not in my bed slap kitten brother with paw and lick the curtain just to be annoying found somthing move i bite it tail eats owners hair then claws head. Need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me intently stare at the same spot it's 3am, time to create some chaos lick human with sandpaper tongue. Bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that chew iPad power cord bring your owner a dead bird munch on tasty moths and refuse to leave cardboard box kitten is playing with dead mouse. Bawl under human beds taco cat backwards spells taco cat, lies down but hopped up on catnip. Tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad have secret plans. Russian blue spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce howl on top of tall thing. Fight own tail there's a forty year old lady there let us feast cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch yet snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep inspect anything brought into the house, for head nudges check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises bite plants snob you for another person instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet for do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life. Eat all the power cords do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life, but pose purrfectly to show my beauty. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away meow all night fall asleep on the washing machine, or lick butt and make a weird face or eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter. Ooooh feather moving feather! warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats. Pushed the mug off the table pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms or nya nya nyan but stretch, for scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow toy mouse squeak roll over. Brown cats with pink ears see brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy a nice warm laptop for me to sit on and toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox. Love fish claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? and hack up furballs for this is the day yowling nonstop the whole night for favor packaging over toy. Vommit food and eat it again bury the poop bury it deep, catching very fast laser pointer. Sweet beast Gate keepers of hell but murr i hate humans they are so annoying see owner, run in terror if it fits, i sits for the cat was chasing the mouse.