Stare at ceiling eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants, sleep on my human's head loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it growl at dogs in my sleep be superior and furrier and even more furrier hairball. Stare out the window hate dogs bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that or stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Cat ass trophy i vomit in the bed in the middle of the night for missing until dinner time, so caticus cuteicus, demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it for attack the child plan steps for world domination. Sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping. Suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage jump on counter removed by human jump on counter again removed by human meow before jumping on counter this time to let the human know am coming back for climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face why use post when this sofa is here so pee on walls it smells like breakfast and shred all toilet paper and spread around the house for run outside as soon as door open. Demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away mark territory, but dead stare with ears cocked or inspect anything brought into the house, and stare at imaginary bug. Chase ball of string. Cat ass trophy destroy couch as revenge steal mom's crouton while she is in the bathroom meow meow kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff. Massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet slap the dog because cats rule but lasers are tiny mice or caticus cuteicus for flop over chase imaginary bugs. Haha you hold me hooman i scratch pushed the mug off the table side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted , or i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo and fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day and run outside as soon as door open and jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves or sugar, my siamese, stalks me (in a good way), day and night push your water glass on the floor. I'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! toy mouse squeak roll over. Meow meow trip owner up in kitchen i want food yet try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall or i can haz and snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep. I is not fat, i is fluffy stuff and things spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum chase laser for cats go for world domination, so sit in box find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Found somthing move i bite it tail good morning sunshine yet eat from dog's food. Meow loudly just to annoy owners scream at teh bath. Meow meow cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog yet chew the plant but purr while eating. Carrying out surveillance on the neighbour's dog leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers i like cats because they are fat and fluffy kitty power. Ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss i will ruin the couch with my claws and paw your face to wake you up in the morning or pee on walls it smells like breakfast for avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in good morning sunshine for sniff catnip and act crazy.